welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode eight we
begin in a prison labor junkyard and
it's bilber yeah migs mayfield remember
at the end of last episode amanda's like
yo we gotta freedom and indeed cara dune
comes up with her new new republic
sheriff powers like hey i'm remanding
you to my custody let's go first we see
boba fett looking
fly with his newly cleaned armor but
then mando comes out and these two had a
rocky relationship but it's like hey man
i need you to find my baby yoda they
don't need them for sharpshooter skills
i mean this team is already stacked but
mayfield's the only one who actually
worked for the empire so he knows how to
activate their codes and stuff they want
to find him off gideon's ship
he needs access to an imperial terminal
though and his best bet of where to find
one is that a mining outpost on some
planet and manda are going to sneak on
in there but you can't sneak in where in
full best car
so it's the old fashioned hijack one of
these transports and put on stormtrooper
armor yes it's hilarious mando has a
stormtrooper he still gets to wear a
helmet so it's kind of the way
turns out the mineral they're
transporting is extremely explosive and
up ahead boom some of the other
transports blowing up
wait is that us no it's just randomly
pirates trying to hijack them amanda's
gotta go up there and fight him off and
these guys were not expecting the best
fighting stormtrooper in the galaxy
it's an epic fight on top of this cool
truck being pow they plant the bump they
need to blow the whole thing up but
mando manages to get it and oh just in
time blam
but more are coming oh they've all got
bombs this looks bleak but
pew pew pew lots tie fighters coming in
to save the day
yes it's kind of hilarious the empire
saves their butts right now never
thought you'd be happy to see
stormtroopers
so they make it into the facility but so
much for keeping a low profile they're
heroes now
mayfield finds the terminal but sitting
in there is his old commanding officer
he's like oh man he might recognize me
so it's up to mando to go in and use the
codes problem is to access the computer
it needs to do a facial scan
mando's got no choice he takes his
helmet off oh it's pedro pascal's
beautiful face
but that officer comes up like hey
trooper what's your designation and
mando's like um transport luckily mix
comes in to help talk him out of it but
this officer stops them but they're not
in trouble this officer's like yo you're
the guys who just fought off all those
pirates i'm buying you a drink
so they have to stay for a drink but
instead of having a nice light
conversation then gracefully peacing out
things get heavy real quick midfield
makes a toast to the operation that this
officer led or apparently they killed an
entire city but it sacrificed his entire
platoon the officers talking mad smack
like yeah
necessary casualties for the glory of
the empire plus those minerals you just
brought in are gonna help us build more
weapons to destroy even more cities so
yeah the empire is coming back
mayfield can't handle it he blasts this
guy right now this now puts them in an
awkward situation
and yes it's an epic shootout they
managed to get out onto the ledge where
their friends are up there providing
sniper
fire more sweet action scenes sniping
yeah pew pew then boba fett flies in and
they're out of there
as they're flying away though may feels
like yo hand me that rifle he lines up
the shot on the minerals and boom
explodes the whole base i feel like
every stealth infiltration mission they
go on ends with a huge explosion they're
not out of the woods yet though two tie
fighters coming in but boba fett's got
something for that he drops a bomb at
him and you might recognize this from
the prequels but it is the seismic
charge explosion
yeah originally they weren't going to
free mayfield after this they were
taking him back to prison but now that
he proved his anti-empire redemption arc
they're like hey we're gonna say you
died in the mission and uh you're free
to go
not sure where he's gonna go they don't
offer him a ride but hey it's better
than the scrapyard and so mando now has
moff gideon's location he sends him a
message hilariously he repeats back
verbatim what maf gideon said to him at
the end of season one
you have something that i want he means
more to me
than you will ever know yes he's coming
for baby yoda
find out how it all goes down on the
epic season finale next week
on the mandalorian if you like this
recap hit that subscribe button for more
of the best recaps of tv and movies and
if you loved this recap check out the
join button and support the channel as a
member